Docs - Add beter docs for `permission` on `PanelGroup` / `ObjectList` etc (#10927)
wagtail/wagtail: docs/topics/permissions.md

Most permissions will automatically show up in the wagtail admin Group edit form, however, you can also add them using the `register_permissions` hook (see [](register_permissions)).

## `FieldPanel` and `PanelGroup` permissions

Permissions can be used to restrict access to fields within the editor interface. See `permission` on [FieldPanel](field_panel).

> Permissions can be used to restrict groups of panels via setting `permission` on  `TabbedInterface`, `ObjectList`. See how `PanelGroup` usage can be customised [](forms_panels_overview).

Reviewer: suggestion:

```suggestion
Permissions can be used to restrict groups of panels via the `permission` keyword argument on `PanelGroup` classes (`TabbedInterface`, `ObjectList`, `FieldRowPanel`, `MultiFieldPanel`). See how `PanelGroup` usage can be customised [](forms_panels_overview).
```

since the customisation example sets the permission on `ObjectList`, rather than `TabbedInterface`.

I do wonder whether the customisation example could use a `FieldRowPanel` or `MultiFieldPanel` with a permission kwarg on it too?

Author: good call, on it.

Author: Done, including a Panels page example and cross-link using `MultiFieldPanel` and `FieldPanel`.
